- JODIE: Stop it, Aiden. It's your fault
we're in trouble so cut it out!
(DOOR OPENS)
- SUSAN: He's replacing Dr. Matthews.
He's the one who's gonna be
taking care of you from now on.
He seems really nice.
Go on, he wants to meet you.
Go on, hurry up.
I'll be right here, sweetheart.
- MAN: Hello, Jodie. Come in.
- NATHAN: My name is Nathan.
Nathan Dawkins.
I found it would be a good idea for us
to have a little chat
Get to know each other a little better.
That is...
If it's okay with you, of course.
They're pretty boring books.
To be honest, I haven't read them all.
How 'bout you?
You like to read?
That's a... photo
of a paranormal event I studied.
That table moved five millimetres
in three days.
On its own.
We filmed it and sped up the images
so we could see the movement.
Interesting, huh?
You can sit down if you'd like.
You like it?
You can have it if you want.
Jodie, my job...
...is to study...
...strange events.
And then try to explain them.
Like...
The things that happened around you.
Right, Jodie?
Your mother told me
you have an invisible friend.
This friend, has he been with you
for a long time?
Since you were born?
Is he a ghost?
Or a... spirit of someone
who passed away?
Can you... draw him for me?
Mind if I take a look?
Ssso...
This thing is your friend,
and he's connected...
...to you with some kind of cord.
Is he here right now?
Can you tell him to do something?
You...
...tell him what to do and it happens?
- JODIE: I don't... tell Aiden what to do.
No one does.
He's like a lion in a cage.
We're tied together.
He can't go away.
It makes him really angry.
It's not my fault.
I want him to leave too.
He could be really scary sometimes.
- NATHAN: Did-did he do that to you?
- JODIE: No.
That was the monsters.